Welcome to this module.
Now as always, we covered a lot in this course
but one thing we haven't really had a closer look is how we style our react native application. For sure,
we use some styling thus far but our app is far from being finished,
some content is missing but the content we have also lacks some styling and we haven't talked about how
you style apps differently for different platforms,
so for iOS and Android, we haven't had at look at how you react to orientation changes.
All these things, we haven't covered them,
so time to do so in this module, to be precise we'll dive into styling components and elements the right
way,
this is the first thing we'll do, we'll not just talk about styling though, we'll also fill our app with
more life,
so we'll for example add some inputs to the authentication screen and so on.
And of course we'll style all of that so that by the end of the module, we really have a nice looking
application with all the features we can build thus far.
You will also learn how to handle different platforms,
so how to style your app differently or use different icons depending on whether you're running on iOS
or Android,
we'll also have a look at how we handle different devices or orientations,
so not operating systems but what about different devices with different sizes
or if you have a given device but you rotate it, how can you adjust your styling upon such events, how
can you write styles that behave as good as possible and most importantly, which tools do you have to
do all these things?
And finally super important too, how may we add animations to our react native applications?
Because obviously, some animations can really improve our application,
they can give the user a better feeling, showing what he just did, give instant feedback,
so super important.
These are all the things we're going to cover, quite a lot,
so let's dive into it.